you're just one habit away from becoming
a Topper listen to me carefully you see
tun tarun is changing my entire life
I've loved to work during the nights in
fact even right now I love to work I
love to study till morning 3:00 a.m.
4:00 a.m. or even 6:00 a.m. but after
years and years of experimenting with my
schedule my timetable my daily routine
I've understood that not all the types
of work can be pulled off during the
night some kinds of work are best to do
in the morning and some are best to do
in the night in fact I was reading about
this in a book called when a couple of
months back I'll actually read it out
for you the window problem is an
analytic task but it doesn't require any
special creativity it has a single
correct answer and you can reach it bya
logic ample evidence has shown that
adults perform best on this sort of
thinking during the
mornings so basically the author is
trying to say that you can do maths much
better in the morning you can also
memorize things much faster in the
morning but for a lot of people if
there's some kind of creativity involved
in the work that you're doing in the
morning then morning might not be the
best time for you so how does it matter
why should you care like what should you
do right now simple here's a challenge 2
minutes every day for the next 6 days 6
days what 6 days why 6 days listen to me
before you sleep every day sit down for
2 minutes and plan out what are you
going to study early in the morning
right after you wake up but there's a
catch the subject that you're going to
study should not be your favorite
subject for example if you're good at
physics then for the first 3 days choose
chemistry or even maths or even vice
versa and after 6 days try to analyze
which of the subjects where you able to
study the best in the morning the point
is are you able to get into flow state
with the subject that you hate the
subject that you're not not good at
because if you can boys and girls you
have literally changed the trajectory of
your preparation because now you'll not
just be good at one subject you'll be
good at two subjects solving the most
difficult problems in the morning will
give you the confidence to take over the
rest of the day if you win your mornings
you win your day so coming down
challenge accepted and start the
challenge today for the next 6 days
you're going to study 1 hour right after
you wake up I want you to win and I
believe in you bye